Blogging.
So let's try to attach our busline to the data center to check compliance and what will happen.
So we are back to the home horse and cluster.
And we can attach it to the bus line for the different location for example in the Santer we have data
manager at delivery of the class that are so we can attach it to the hosts baseline and a delivery of
do is X Y is the same.
So let's DeWitt's from delivery of do data center.
So we get updates from delivery of the data center.
So we certainly in the data center Morakot we got to update it and we click Attash busline.
So here we see the difference because line available in our environment we check the ones that we want.
For example no baseline that we created order noncritical Hall's order category.
Then we have a delivery of the virtual machine the hardware and Devane which are for example is being
worked well for your information.
VM where to upgrade is only available and can be a delivery of or something you can't attach should
the bus line all the way through.
A delivery of it is if I host or adalah of it of the cluster.
You could do it only for all do that doesn't.
So we click OK betrothals do what we want.
That is it.
So then we have the upgrade and Horst busline your attache to do that Astar.
So if we click on any of them like that you see that we have an empty list of complaint that's me.
It does not know if there's a difference between a machine and the host is compliant or not compliant
or incompatible.
It didn't or like what we did with the hosts profile.
We have three Isak's.
I have a state.
And you know you don't know if the updates in this one have compliance with the I host it in Inconnu
Also in with us we have the difference between a machine and we have the state Inconnu.
So let's start we do know busline Abdula of the hosts.
So you see we have three yes I host interested in Keino didn't have new button available skein the selected
inventory object for pait and or upgrade.
That's me.
It will check those I host and do updates available on the view.
What are they are compliant or no.
Do you have state page and remediate go to admin it's real let us back to the updates manager then remediate.
It's like in starlet's mean start the remediate resort to refine patch or upgrade to apply to do it
involuntarily object.
That's really what will check the different updates available for those E-6 I host it will download
the updates and start installation of the updates for the difference is a host if necessary some hosts
will put in montanum smart and reboot.
If not it will only add updates of it even then we have stage beat State beat is to download the specific
page to host you selected which are.
Remediate is faster.
You see remediate is faster.
Why when did you use state page in case that remedied.
Also download the update then unstored update.
If we chose to remediate directly it will put the horse into maintenance mode then it start downloading
do updates and installed updates the one by one.
In this case your host will be in dimension for a long time and of course in the raid environment it's
not necessary to have an X in meant and a smart or out of service for a long time.
You should make two updates as quick as possible.
So for that you need to use stage paid.
It will download all the available update for your E6 I host and put them inside a store out of the
resentence server and when you chose remediate it will automatically start the installation from the
available updates available in your central server.
Of course we need to start with discomfort update to see any updates available.
The difference is it's a host.
So we click scan and it will ask you to scan the page and extension or upgrade.
Of course where it will check to upgrade fine.
Of course in our situation we don't need to wait for one or two how to check any upgrade available so
we can check this one.
Then I would check the virtual appliance because we don't need the virtual applies right.
No we all keep doing what you or the VM where hardware and the page and the extension.
Of course in the right environment you need to check this one.
This one if you need to get updates about the vitriol appliance you do it.
If not you don't care about it but upgrade is necessary to make the upgrade.
For the difference E-6 I host.
So we click OK and upgrade we'll start and discarnate will start a bit of the data center.
So odd I host and cluster but in this one will scan it by the updates Monell so you can do diffidence
Isak's I host Isak's I want to three.
The difference between a machine.
So how does it know it shows you that we have internal state we need to refresh to get your updates
so you see no increase or become zero and noncompliance become free.
That's mean we have three host not complied with the latest update.